Be more specific on ports for ICMP (#496)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/install/requirements.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Cilium">

| Port        | Protocol  | Source            | Destination       | Description
|-------------|-----------|-------------------|-------------------|------------

> | 8/0 *       | ICMP      | All RKE2 nodes    | All RKE2 nodes    | Cilium CNI health checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0, 8 *       | ICMP      | All RKE2 nodes    | All RKE2 nodes    | Cilium CNI health checks
```

| 4240        | TCP       | All RKE2 nodes    | All RKE2 nodes    | Cilium CNI health checks
| 8472        | UDP       | All RKE2 nodes    | All RKE2 nodes    | Cilium CNI with VXLAN
| 51871       | UDP       | All RKE2 nodes    | All RKE2 nodes    | Cilium CNI with WireGuard

> \* 8/0 is not a port but the [ICMP type](https://www.iana.org/assignments/icmp-parameters/icmp-parameters.xhtml#icmp-parameters-types). It is required for the network utility ping

Reviewer: I think this is suggesting that you need types 8 and 0, correct? 8 is Echo, 0 is Echo Reply. Or is this type 8, code 0?
```suggestion
\* 0 and 8 are not ports but [ICMP types](https://www.iana.org/assignments/icmp-parameters/icmp-parameters.xhtml#icmp-parameters-types). Cilium uses echo (ping) between nodes for health checks.
```

Author: yes echo and echo reply. ICMP Type 8 and ICMP Type 0

Reviewer: OK, lets change this. I would read 8/0 as type 8 code 0, if this is meant to be ready as "0 and 8" then we should say that.
